******
word: cat
part of speech: N
definitions:
A small carnivorous mammal (Felis catus or F. domesticus) domesticated since early times as a catcher of rats and mice and as a pet and existing in several distinctive breeds and varieties.
Any of various other carnivorous mammals of the family Felidae, which includes the lion, tiger, leopard, and lynx.
The fur of a domestic cat.
Informal   A woman who is regarded as spiteful.
Slang   A person, especially a man.
Slang   A player or devotee of jazz music.
A cat-o'-nine-tails.
A catfish.
Nautical   A cathead.
Nautical   A device for raising an anchor to the cathead.
Nautical   A catboat.
Nautical   A catamaran.
******
word: dog
part of speech: N
definitions:
A domesticated carnivorous mammal (Canis familiaris) related to the foxes and wolves and raised in a wide variety of breeds.
Any of various carnivorous mammals of the family Canidae, such as the dingo.
A male animal of the family Canidae, especially of the fox or a domesticated breed.
Any of various other animals, such as the prairie dog.
Informal   A person:  You won, you lucky dog. 
Informal   A person regarded as contemptible:  You stole my watch, you dog. 
Slang   A person regarded as unattractive or uninteresting.
Slang   Something of inferior or low quality: "The President had read the speech to some of his friends and they told him it was a dog”  ( John P. Roche). 
Slang   An investment that produces a low return or a loss.
Slang   The feet.
See andiron.
Slang   A hot dog; a wiener.
Any of various hooked or U-shaped metallic devices used for gripping or holding heavy objects.
Astronomy   A sun dog.
******
word: mother
part of speech: N
definitions:
A female person who is pregnant with or gives birth to a child.
A female person whose egg unites with a sperm, resulting in the conception of a child.
A woman who adopts a child.
A woman who raises a child.
A female parent of an animal.
A female ancestor.
A woman who holds a position of authority or responsibility similar to that of a mother:  a den mother. 
Roman Catholic Church   A mother superior.
Roman Catholic Church   Used as a form of address for such a woman.
A woman who creates, originates, or founds something: "the discovery of radium, which made Marie Curie mother to the Atomic Age”  ( Alden Whitman). 
A creative source; an origin:  Philosophy is the mother of the sciences. 
Used as a title for a woman respected for her wisdom and age.
Maternal love and tenderness:  brought out the mother in her. 
The biggest or most significant example of its kind:  the mother of all battles. 
Vulgar Slang   Something considered extraordinary, as in disagreeableness, size, or intensity.
A stringy slime composed of yeast cells and bacteria that forms on the surface of fermenting liquids and is added to wine or cider to start the production of vinegar.
******
word: father
part of speech: N
definitions:
A male person whose sperm unites with an egg, resulting in the conception of a child.
A man who adopts a child.
A man who raises a child.
A male parent of an animal.
A male ancestor.
A man who creates, originates, or founds something:  Chaucer is considered the father of English poetry. 
An early form; a prototype.
Christianity   God.
Christianity   The first person of the Christian Trinity.
An elderly or venerable man. Used as a title of respect.
A member of the senate in ancient Rome.
One of the leading men, as of a city:  the town fathers. 
A church father.
A priest or clergyman in the Roman Catholic or Anglican churches.
Used as a title and form of address with or without the clergyman's name.
******
word: poop
part of speech: N
definitions:
An enclosed superstructure at the stern of a ship.
A poop deck.
Slang   Inside information:  She gave me all the poop on the company party. 
Slang   A person regarded as very disagreeable.
Excrement.
