******
word: jump
part of speech: VT
definitions:
To leap over or across:  jump a fence. 
To leap onto:  jump a bus. 
Slang   To spring upon in sudden attack; assault or ambush:  Muggers jumped him in the park. 
To move or start prematurely before:  jumped the starting signal. 
To cause to leap:  jump a horse over a fence. 
To cause to increase suddenly:  shortages that jumped milk prices by several cents. 
To pass over; skip:  The typewriter jumped a space. 
To raise in rank or position; promote.
Games   To move a piece over (an opponent's piece) in a board game, often thereby capturing the opponent's piece.
Games   To raise (a partner's bid) in bridge by more than is necessary.
To jump-start (a motor vehicle).
To leave (a course), especially through mishap:  The train jumped the rails. 
Slang   To leave hastily; skip:  jumped town a step ahead of the police. 
Slang   To leave (an organization, for example) suddenly or in violation of an agreement:  jumped the team and signed with a rival club. 
To seize or occupy illegally:  jump a mining claim. 
To forfeit (bail) by failing to appear in court.
Vulgar Slang   To have sexual intercourse with.
******
word: run
part of speech: VT
definitions:
To travel over on foot at a pace faster than a walk:  ran the entire distance. 
To cause (an animal) to move quickly or rapidly:  We run our hunting dogs every morning. 
To allow to move without restraint.
To do or accomplish by or as if by running:  run errands. 
To hunt or pursue; chase:  dogs running deer. 
To bring to a given condition by or as if by running:  The toddlers ran me ragged. 
To cause to move quickly:  She ran her fingers along the keyboard. 
To cause to compete in or as if in a race:  He ran two horses in the Kentucky Derby. 
To present or nominate for elective office:  The party ran her for senator. 
To cause to move or progress freely.
To cause to function; operate:  run a machine. 
To convey or transport:  Run me into town. Run the garbage over to the dump. 
Football   To attempt to advance (the ball) by carrying it.
To submit for consideration or review:  I'll run the idea by you before I write the proposal. 
Nautical   To cause to move on a course:  We ran our boat into a cove. 
To smuggle:  run guns. 
To evade and pass through:  run a roadblock. 
To pass over or through:  run the rapids. 
To cause to flow:  run water into a tub. 
To stream with:  The fountains ran champagne. 
Metallurgy   To melt, fuse, or smelt (metal).
Metallurgy   To mold or cast (molten metal):  run gold into ingots. 
To cause to extend or pass:  run a rope between the poles. 
To mark or trace on a surface:  run a pencil line between two points. 
To sew with a continuous line of stitches:  run a seam. 
To cause to unravel along a line:  She ran her stocking on a splinter. 
To cause to crash or collide:  ran the car into a fence. 
To cause to penetrate:  I ran a pin into my thumb. 
To continue to present or perform:  ran the film for a month. 
To publish in a periodical:  run an advertisement. 
To subject oneself or be subjected to:  run a risk. 
To have as an ongoing financial obligation:  run a deficit; run a tab. 
Games   To score (balls or points) consecutively in billiards:  run 15 balls. 
Games   To clear (the table) in pool by consecutive scores.
To conduct or perform:  run an experiment. 
Computer Science   To process or execute (a program or instruction).
To control, manage, or direct:  ran the campaign by himself; a bureau that runs espionage operations. 
******
word: scratch
part of speech: VT
definitions:
To make a thin shallow cut or mark on (a surface) with a sharp instrument.
To use the nails or claws to dig or scrape at.
To rub or scrape (the skin) to relieve itching.
To scrape or strike on an abrasive surface.
To write or draw (something) by scraping a surface:  scratched their initials on a rock. 
To write or draw hurriedly:  scratched off a thank-you note. 
To strike out or cancel (a word, for example) by or as if by drawing lines through.
Slang   To cancel (a project or program, for example).
To withdraw (an entry) from a contest.
******
word: bite
part of speech: VT
definitions:
To cut, grip, or tear with or as if with the teeth.
To pierce the skin of with the teeth, fangs, or mouthparts.
To sting with a stinger.
To cut into with or as if with a sharp instrument:  The ax bit the log deeply. 
To grip, grab, or seize:  bald treads that couldn't bite the icy road; bitten by a sudden desire to travel. 
To eat into; corrode.
To cause to sting or be painful:  cold that bites the skin; a conscience bitten by remorse. 
******
word: poop
part of speech: VT
definitions:
To break over the stern of (a ship).
To take (a wave) over the stern.
Slang   To cause to become fatigued; tire: "Many people stop here, pooped by the short, steep climb”  ( Sierra Club Guides to the National Parks). 
